ethant: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
ethant: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. This won't take us very long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to do what's called a bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to ask you just a bunch of questions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. Um, first question on the bike is wanting to know why you are seeking treatment now.
ethant: Um,
ethant: It's interesting to our day an answer that concisely, um, I have like usage patterns in my life that are seriously damaging the things that I value in my life. So I want to, I want to save my family and my
You know, going to stop these this destructive pattern.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me about your using history. We're at what age did you first start, what was the first substance you were exposed to and used and how did it progressed from there.
ethant: Sure. I mean, as a
ethant: Like when I was a young teenager, I probably tried marijuana when I was like 12 or 13 and then a lot of alcohol when I was a teenager MDMA. When I was a teenager progress to like cocaine in my late teens and then alcohol and
ethant: So I was a full blown I'm sort of heavy user. But by the time I was, you know, 1718
ethant: And then I had a long periods of recovery in my life. SO I'VE BEEN SOBER several, several times for like five, five years at one time for five years and one time for more than 10 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what at what point was it worse. The worst for you.
ethant: It seems like it can always get worse. But, um, this
ethant: Last week I was
ethant: So I odd and I would have died if my wife hadn't found me and take me to the hospital.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what it, what is your primary drug that you use.
ethant: Definitely like one of those drugs cocktail kind of people, but I'm recently it's been opiates and
Mixing opiates and stimulants.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So methamphetamines and just opiates or heroin.
ethant: Not probably oxy oxy cotton. If you want to be specific, primarily, but also like
ethant: Other opiate
ethant: I try to keep my voice quiet because I'm the walls in this place here in my apartment and Sophie, I can hear my neighbor's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay guy. Yeah, okay. I was wondering, Was this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Specific but I get it. Um, okay. So any history of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My gosh, I can't even the treatment.
ethant: Yeah, I've definitely done different treatments before
ethant: I did that Henry a lot for grammar twice, which is in San Francisco. It's like a six month live in program.
ethant: I've done 28 day programs, a couple times a couple times when I've stayed the whole time. A couple times when I've gone and then bailed out
ethant: So yeah, and then I have
ethant: A long sort of history in relationship with AJ Francisco and recently.
ethant: I can't
ethant: Fit in this I have major problems.
ethant: Sort of join that community and fitting in there.
ethant: So that's one reason I've been looking for, you know, other alternatives.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any mental health.
ethant: Definitely have really serious, serious anxiety. Select anxiety social anxiety. I can't. I've never been able to address a group of people, a bigger people. It's actually part of that.
The a thing.
ethant: And some depression but but i would say mild depression, like I have
ethant: A lot of ways, a really positive outlook on life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past suicide attempts. Nope. Any thoughts are set dots. Nope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past or current homicide thoughts or attempts know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
ethant: Not other than
ethant: The user
ethant: No, not, not like what I think you mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, like cutting, burning that kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stuff. Okay. Um, it can you tell me a little bit about your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your family dynamics, growing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you're adopted. Did your parents say together. Did they divorce was there, substance abuse in your home.
ethant: My dad. I'm a heavy alcoholic, you actually quit on his own sort of cold turkey when he discovered that
ethant: My sister started drinking at a very young age.
ethant: Very young. She was like, sneaking beer out of the fridge.
ethant: Um, we had a great stable, loving supportive, you know, plentiful household. Um, but we had a couple
ethant: Issues like my dad's
ethant: My dad's drinking and then
ethant: It came out that my dad was
ethant: Gay and then it came out and then he ended up getting HIV, and he died in the AIDS epidemic in the
early 90s.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any mental health.
ethant: Mental health
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your family. Oh, yeah.
ethant: Well, yeah, so like my sister. Well, I mean, my sort of
ethant: I yeah I even had depression it like no one went and saw therapists have depression and my sister data suicide attempts.
ethant: So yeah, there were some issues there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
ethant: Other those
ethant: Horrible things that I described, like I think of our family is like the best and most loving family that I
ethant: Mean, my parents stayed together, despite not having like a real sexual relationship for the you know the house household and in the kids in the family. So it actually felt like a very stable family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's just you and your sister. Yeah.
ethant: My sister and my mom that who are alive now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is your sister older than you are younger than you.
ethant: younger, younger than me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay I'm going back a little bit further. How was it in school for you, did you graduate. Were you bullied or did you did you have you know plenty of friends. And did you have a learning disability just kind of, in general, what was it like in school for you.
ethant: I was a trouble trouble kid.
ethant: At the same also I was also a good student in certain ways. Um, I never been getting kicked out of two schools, though, I'm getting my GED so
ethant: That it was a read the very end of, you know, it's like I just, I couldn't make that last semester. So, um,
ethant: So yeah, I was a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trial lesson you were troubled. Was it because of your drinking and using during school or was it was there other things that were going on.
ethant: Impact also
ethant: I don't know why that like always had trouble waking up or like regulating my sleep, you see that since I was can remember
ethant: Um, so I can't fall asleep at night and I can't wake up in the morning, like there's no fourth never been added to this day, like I have to find jobs where it's not not not that big a deal if I'm like, oh, you know, if I sleep through an alarm once in a while.
ethant: So that was one of the problems with school
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any legal history.
ethant: A few things like a DUI and
ethant: My wife and I had a terrible incident which was like we're both drunk. And so we started sort of
ethant: Wrestling with each other, you know, we weren't like throwing or I wasn't dropping like
ethant: touching her, but, um, anyway. The police were called and we ended up both getting arrested. This is about six months ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And are you currently currently on probation or anything because of it.
No, no.
ethant: There's no the case was like
ethant: I've never been maybe I was convicted of the DUI.
ethant: But other, other than the UI. I've never been convicted of anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long ago was a DUI.
ethant: I'm like 15 years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and any financial stressors for you right now.
ethant: Yeah, I think, um, there's never enough like
ethant: My wife and I want to have a household, you know, love to have a small family and live in San Francisco where where the rest of my family is but
ethant: It's like I have almost a million dollars in the bank, and we still can't quite figure out how to I know I have like half a million dollars in the bank, but I can't. It's not like not enough to buy a house. It's crazy.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, while you're. Is there anything else that it's that's important for us to know about you.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay so here's something to think about what, what are you wanting to get out of treatment why you're here working with us up right heart.
ethant: Um,
ethant: I go, I want to, I need that transformation from like
ethant: I've gone through it so many times. It's like just insanity where I can't make the right decision to like health where I'm
ethant: I have balance in my life and
ethant: I'm making right choices.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you currently engaged in the math program.
ethant: I don't even know what that is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm Matt. Matt program is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your evaluated by one of our doctors to see if you're a candidate for it, but the map program is therapy and group with medication assisted treatment.
ethant: I'm know that kind of sounds like what I thought I was
ethant: You can be getting
ethant: Done, but
ethant: So I've done so far as one half an hour intake.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you're in the very beginning. Yeah, okay.
ethant: Um,
ethant: And then, I guess, I guess I do another second half an hour and then we're expecting the intake period will be over. And I'll start doing a group thing from my understanding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, so, do you know what doctor you're working with.
ethant: Mary Kastner
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah okay I work with her love her. Um, okay. So, generally the way that medication assisted treatment goes is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll meet with with Mary she'll to HMP with you, health and physical with you and you'll engage in in group therapy which with Mary, we do group her and I do group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mondays at four.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are the days that that our
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alcohol and Drug Matt program you know group is you and I will do therapy together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On a weekly basis and really kind of identify and work through the issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That keep you in this cycle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you're struggling with things, then I can help you. I can help help you learn tools to be able to react and respond to things differently than what you're used to doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's generally how it works. And I'm glad that they got you in for your bps your bio psychosocial first because that's how we get to know you. Right. Yeah.
ethant: It was funny because. So the reason I got this appointment was yesterday. Daniel was like, did they set you up with the bio cycles you know yet.
ethant: And I'm like, no, I hadn't heard anything about it. So it sounds like there's several different tracks that you can get on within bright heart.
ethant: And yes. Um, so yeah, this sounds like one that is appropriate appropriate for me. Do you mind if I vaporize well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, while you're in group. You can't I just want to give you that P that heads up right now but um okay so generally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, what we do is, you have an individual weekly have a group weekly so you'll be seeing us twice a week. Mary will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: will prescribe the medication to get you through to for on a weekly basis for a little bit until you're at the right dosage and you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're stable and steady within the program and it's heavy for you've heard of Suboxone buprenorphine okay because that's what it is. It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's, it's a good program you, the people that you meet in our group, you'll see how it's really helped them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay off of, you know, the op eds and help them get their life together and get them in a better place. So cool. So, welcome. Thank you. Ethan definitely what to tell me what date and time is best for you to meet with me on a regular basis. What's your ideal time
ethant: I'm in a period big period of change in terms of work, so I'm
ethant: Work can be unpredictable.
ethant: And I'm kind of the most with it in the
ethant: Afternoon evenings. So I don't know what what do you have days of the week that you specific days of the week that you work or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Monday. Well, I work Monday through Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I see people on Monday. So I'm in group, back to back all day, so to say, Wednesdays and Thursdays, is what I'm trying to work with for individuals virtual sessions and ball sites so
ethant: What's your latest appointment on those three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And my latest appointment is about six o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And at this point right now. I think that, let me check really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I think right now. I'm the only day that I even have a six o'clock is like on Wednesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But let me
ethant: Wednesday six o'clock might be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, let me look really fast, so that I'm not
ethant: Giving me bad in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't want to give you bad info.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let me get you scheduled in there and we will count on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesday Wednesdays at six o'clock. All right. And it sounds you're in California. Right. Yes. Okay, good, and San Francisco. It's not a time change even can think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And between now and the and next Wednesday. What I want you to think about is some of the things is specifically that you need to work on whether it be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Emotion regulation, whether it, whether it be cognitive changing your thought process, whether it be developing a relapse prevention plan, whether it be grief and loss, whether things internally that you and I can work on in our individual sessions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, and between now and next time you and I meet
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then we'll be able to devise that treatment plan and what the goals will be. And you know what, I need to bring to the table to help you succeed in that area.
ethant: Yep. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, does that make that sound like a plan. Yeah. So look. Okay, so next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next Wednesday is the 19th
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. So at night at 6pm yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am going to put you on my schedule for individual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Therapy and and I'm also going to find out what do you know when you have an appointment with Mary
ethant: The first one was 10am on the Monday this week. The next one is like 8am Monday of next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you want to make sure that you that you get into that appointment, because that's your health and physical Mary will be your prescriber and she's going to be out of town.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After next week for about three weeks. So yeah, you want to get going. You want to make sure that you've seen her and you get to get that under your belt. Okay. Yeah, so
ethant: I've definitely um
ethant: We're getting getting started like she's already written some stuff for me.
ethant: But that's interesting. That'll be
ethant: Like covering those
ethant: We I assume it's pretty clear how it's gonna work out but
ethant: Yeah, it was interesting that she's out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, because her and I, this is Mary and I work differently than Mary. What can I do with most doctors, most doctors are generally are in group with us every week, Mary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She comes to group once or twice a month and after every group I report to her, who is came what they're struggling with, and whether or not they need their medication refilled.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I give her that information as soon as we get out of group I'm emailing her and letting her know so that she can get everyone's Medications and prescriptions to the pharmacy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's really worked out. We have a good good strong core
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Group that we work with on Mondays. So
ethant: Question.
ethant: I heard there's a seven o'clock group on Mondays as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is a seven o'clock group on Mondays. But the problem is that we're trying to gear. That's for mental health.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we're trying to really get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, people into the four o'clock for substance abuse and mental health be mental health. However, when you meet with Mary if marriage between you and Mary. If you decide that you're going to go into the seven o'clock. Mary will will tell me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To make sure that you're in that seven o'clock and not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Married she
ethant: Married did not tell me about this.
ethant: One of the scheduler people did so. But at the time, would be a little bit better for me. That's why I asked, but four o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, four o'clock is for the ad and then seven o'clock is for the mental health. And so we're really trying to keep that seven o'clock group for mental health. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the four o'clock for substance abuse going on. And again, the the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The information that they're provided is a little bit is different, a little bit different. What we work on and what we focus on is different, you know, the four o'clock we really focus on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: substance abuse issues, you know, things that have have really substance abuse is really created
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do we get through it. There's a lot of support and you'll see you know there's great people in both groups, but there's the four o'clock group is really geared towards substance abuse. So this is what I recommend talk to Mary Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely let her know the clinic had informed you have the seven o'clock group, but also let her know that I told you that you should be at four o'clock group. Yeah. And let's just kind of go from there and see
ethant: What she said the same thing she she she said I should be in the four o'clock group actually would have would have been there yesterday. If it wasn't for stupid insurance problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My understanding,
ethant: You can't do two appointments in the same day with the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same either something. Yeah. It's crazy how that works. Um, but that's okay. I wasn't there yesterday, either. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your next appointment will should be Monday at four o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what will be your group, you want to check into the virtual clinic about 1520 minutes before group because there's these questionnaires that you've got to fill you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fill out and then you'll they'll give you the group ID number. And then you come into group and then you and I will meet Wednesday 6pm on a reoccurring basis and I'll let Mary know that to that we've set up individual therapy and she'll be happy about that. So,
ethant: Cool. Hey, um,
ethant: I think it was Danielle who talked with
ethant: Mary told me, like, we're going to be reviewing your journal or something like that. She wasn't
ethant: She didn't, you know, it was very concise.
ethant: Um, so, and then I talked a little bit with Danielle about about it but i. So, I'm a firm. I understand. I'm expected to be journaling like every time I I take any medicine and then how I'm feeling so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what one of the things that I kind of go through for Mary and group at the beginning of group when you check in. I'll ask you if you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are out of medication. I'll ask you if you have experienced any cravings. I'll ask you how your anxiety has been how your depression has been on and if you're having it. I want you to really pay attention to what level it is. And I'll ask you on a scale of one to 10. Is it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Look, you know, one being none 10 being high and she monitors that any si thoughts. She monitors that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any physical issues are you experiencing any constipation any flu like symptoms. So those are kind of the things that the questions that she's going to be asking and that all ask you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the beginning of every group. So those are the things that you really want to pay attention to a monitor why you're engaged in the program.
ethant: So yeah, I haven't doing this journal. Um, I have just been able recently to start eating, but I
ethant: My digestion hasn't really started again. I don't know if you know any tricks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it depends on what you put in your body. Make sure you're drinking plenty of water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And make sure that try to eat small meals. Yep. Um, are you struggling with constipation still
ethant: Yeah, it was.
ethant: It's been a major, major issue.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There were three things that somebody told me in another group. Hold on, let me find them that you could eat combined together and eat that would help with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay so apple sauce one cup of applesauce half a cup of green juice.
ethant: Or
ethant: Orange juice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And oats fiber. Fiber roads. So those three combined together will help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: hopefully help you become regulated will start clearing your system out and that's a healthy way of doing it. But Mary will also
ethant: Have each of those. Oh, you said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One cup of applesauce, a half a half a cup of orange juice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then one cup of oak fiber.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you should, you're going to mix it together and you should only eat like 123 tablespoons of it at a time. It's just a good, but you want to do it like daily for a couple days. And that was from a whole nother doctor that I learned that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mary if if Mary knows that you're struggling with constipation. Still, she will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: give you suggestions, such as mayor relax or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't relax. Sorry, took some relax yesterday, um,
ethant: But this is an interesting
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's all natural to you know it's helped me. And so I thought that was pretty interesting. I wrote that little cocktail down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can try that, too. And it's, it's good for you out there you know it's not damaging to your system so cool. And then we are your bio psychosocial stun pretty painless. Oh, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, sounds
ethant: More complicated than it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really does. I know it's just getting your history, you're using, you know, his history, your family history and really looking at you know you as a whole person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your environment that you currently live in it's with your wife, and do you guys have kids, nope. Nope, it's just you and your wife. Yep. And it's a safe in and sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Place for you right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Okay, good, good, good. Okay. Ethan I am going to let you out and I am going to see you on Monday at four o'clock in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If the if there's anything that you need, or you're struggling with anything between now and then please feel free to call virtual clinic and if I am not in a session, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can get back to you as soon as I get out of the session and have a few minutes to be able to to connect with you.
ethant: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Sound like a plan.
ethant: No, it sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any other questions. Nope.
ethant: Not that I can think of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, if you do write them down and we will go work on them. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah.
ethant: Thanks so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, thank you. Have a great weekend and welcome to sobriety. Bye.
ethant: Bye bye, good.
Bye bye.